IIT Mandi organizes maiden Litfest
==================================

The Literary Society of IIT Mandi, popularly known as the LitSoc organised
the first ever Literary festival in common interest of the people of IIT
Mandi. It was a day long fest which got kick started in the morning with a
Group Discussion on the topic "India's chances on making it to the Cricket
World Cup Finals" since it was a hot topic then which fetched heated
discussion by the typical followers of this national religion called
Cricket.

Later followed the elocution event called "The King's Speech". The event
witnessed some historical speeches like the famous "I have a dream.." speech
by Martin Luther King Jr. which won the deliverer Ayush Yadav first prize.
Other noteworthy elocution speeches were made by Vinayak Sengar, Ashutosh
Kumar Verma and Anindya Gangopadhyay. Then came the much anticipated event,
the JAM, which saw maximum footfall overall. Farah Anjum and Saket Panwar
were the winner and first runner up respectively with huge margins, both
being members of the LitSoc and thus kept the bar high.

These competitive events concluded by the evening and the crowd proceeded to
the canteen area where the Gymkhana-roast took place. As the roast-master Arjav
took over the stage, sprees of laughter ensued from all directions. Sloths
came out of their burrows to see the honourable Gymkhana members being ruthlessly
beaten to the grounds by the meanest of words of the roasters and who tried
to hide it all behind their awkward laughs but failed. The roasters included
Arjav, Sohil, Sagar, Ayush, Kisna and Chamun and did a commendable job in
making a whopping crowd of the college go crazy with laughter. Thus,
concluded the debuting edition of the literary festival rendering the Litsoc
with the aim of making it better and bigger with every coming year.
